Record our call. So I didn't have to do a zoom.
OK.
OK. So I'm just gonna ask you questions today about Grandpa Ross. So you just answer
to the best of your ability.
And
if you have actually,
you could answer him for grandma too because I
have to for my class type up a life sketch
for someone and put it on
um family search.
So their first
their full names,
Ross Olsen
Van Orden
and De La Rey, Myers,
Van Orden. Do you know anything about their names or why they were named their names?
Uh
No.
OK. Good question.
Well, I mean, I don't know,
I wish we would have asked a lot of these
questions years and years ago when we had them around.
I know,
I mean, I still have that video I did of them.
Yeah. So that's a little helpful but
uh I haven't even looked at all these questions. I don't even know what they all are.
OK. So where were they each born?
Uh Grandpa was born in Smithfield, Utah.
Was he born?
Do you know if he was born at home or anything like that?
Uh
I don't know that.
I know grandma Della
was born in Beaver,
Utah and I know Aunt Carol and Uncle Carl were born on the kitchen table.
So I assume maybe
grandma was. Wow,
kitchen table. That sounds comfortable.
Um And then do you know anything about like
what their town was like that they grew up in
like Smithfield,
Beaver?
Uh They were small towns.
You
a
small town, Beaver was a small town.
Uh
grandpa moved there when he was kind of, I think a teenager. I think he
was in high school because his dad went there to run the pharmacy.
And so his,
his dad had always been a pharmacist. Right.
Yes. Harris. Oh,
I think his name was Harris
and Van
Orden.
Ok.
And then what did grandma, what did Grandpa Myers do?
Grandpa Myers worked on the train. So he worked for Union Pacific
and he did that his whole life until he died. He died really young.
I think he was 56 when he died. And how did, do you know how he died?
He had a heart attack?
Oh, wow. Ok.
Yeah.
So, um,
that was, that was sad.
And you were,
how
old were you?
I was about, I was 14 or 16. I can't remember. I know dad had gone to a Utah game
and taken
a couple of the kids with them. Maybe, maybe Gene.
I, I don't know for, well, they, they would have been young boys then.
But, um,
grandpa died and they had to go find Grandpa Ross at the
Utah game to tell him so he could come home and tell grandma
and she was really upset.
I bet.
Wow. Ok. I didn't know that
did. Um And so grandma was the oldest. Grandpa was the youngest. Right.
Grandpa was the baby.
Grandma was the oldest. And she had,
let's see, there was
Della Carol, Carol Bert and Kay.
Ok.
And her and Kay,
how far apart are her? And Aunt Kay?
Well
Kay was,
let's see,
cause isn't she just like five years older than you? She's,
yeah, she's five years older than me.
And so how do you figure that?
So if grandma wasn't grandma, 20 years older than you,
so they would have been 15 years apart.
Yeah, they would have been, they would have been
so 15 years apart from the oldest to the youngest.
And then in grandpa's family, was it,
was he a lot younger than all of his siblings or did he have siblings closer to his age?
Uh I don't know how old they were. I know that he had,
there were
um his oldest brother was Harris. Uncle Harris. Do you know him?
He was a professor at Utah State quite,
you know, quite renowned, pretty famous.
Um His brother Dale was in the military
and he lived all over the world,
I think it was in the Navy.
And then um
Aunt Brenda
and she was at Pearl Harbor with Uncle Randall when they bombed Pearl Harbor.
Oh, really?
Wow.
And then,
um,
and then Aunt
Eileen.
Ok. Well,
and then dad, and then Ross,
so they five kids. So three boys and two girls.
Yeah.
Ok.
So they got married
in the Saint George Temple.
June.
June 29th.
June 29th. Was that 1931?
No, grandma was born in 31.
Ok. So, I don't know what year they got married but they were, they were pretty young.
Um,
grandpa had gone to a year of college at the U
and grandma had finished her last high school year.
Remember she went to the prom with some?
That's right. She did do that.
And I think it might have been 49.
They got married. I'm trying to remember when we had their 50th wedding anniversary
at
the Lion House
and it was after my mission.
It might have been
99.
Yeah, it could have been 98 or 99.
I would think. I don't, I, I wish I had all these dates.
Well, I'm sure I can figure that out. Like I can look at their thing.
What do you, what family traditions did grandma
have that came from her family that you can think of?
Well, they were
grandma was a big fan of Christmas.
So I don't know if she was in her family. I don't know if grandma Zelma was like that,
but it seems like
I think Christmas just started getting more and more and more
expensive as people
because when grandma Myers,
like, she lived during the depression,
so it was not, they were always,
they were really careful with all of their resources and
she always canned and bottle things.
She always, I mean, they weren't wasteful with anything.
Ok. Well, as each generation got a little more affluent, a little more affluent.
I think
it was more,
you know, you had more things. I mean, we always had
tons of stuff at Christmas.
Like grandma was a splurge. So, where did the candy? Um,
the,
the candy
can
come
from?
And when we lived in the Granger,
I don't know what Granger Ward we lived in. I, I was thinking it was the 19th but I, I
don't know if that was right.
They had friends named Lloyd and Ardine Foot
and apparently Lloyd and Ardine started making chocolates.
I don't know if they already knew how to make them and
he just invited mom and dad or they all just decided,
hey, this would be so fun. Let's do this.
They started making pecan rolls and
all kinds of chocolates like cherry orange cream,
you know. So that was a tradition.
They started because of with their friends and then they just always
done
and they would, um,
they would make chocolates every year and they would go
and they'd be there till one in the morning.
You know, they, that was
they love to do that at Christmas time.
And then it kind of became a tradition that grandpa, when he was the bishop,
they would make enough pecan rolls so they could
give one to every little widow in the ward.
Oh, ok.
And that became a big tradition. They would have a Christmas party for all the widows
and the widows loved it.
They would come and Dean and Emma Lou would
play the piano and they would sing Christmas songs
and grandma
would make a huge meal
and
feed them. And then their little gift was a pecan.
Oh, that's so cute. I didn't know they did that.
They
did that.
I
think that's why they were so loved by everybody because they always were
really unselfish with their
successes. I mean, it would probably cost a lot of money to make pecan rolls for
20 ladies or, you know.
So, I don't know.
I didn't know that's what I didn't know they did. That. That's really cool. Did they?
Um,
that is really cool.
So,
they were always active in the church.
They never were not active.
And when the families they came from were both of the families they came from.
So my grandma and grandpa Myers didn't get married in the temple,
I think till a few years later,
I don't think they were married in the temple originally.
But I believe grandpa and grandma Van Orden were
in
temple.
But I, I would imagine they were married in the Logan Temple. But I don't,
I guess I could look that up. It probably says that
on family search somewhere,
I
think.
Did they have,
did either of them have siblings that went on missions?
Oh, that's a good question. I know. Dad did not go on a mission because of the army.
And back then. You,
you kind of, I
don't know if it was a calling to go on a mission
but people didn't just go on missions like they do now.
Well, I, one,
I know because of the army at one point it was like you were only allowed to let
so many people serve and go on mission. So you had to be called to do that.
So that's probably a big part of that generation that didn't.
And
so
I think
Uncle Bet
went on a mission.
Oh, he did?
I think Uncle Burt did. But I, I couldn't swear by that. But
it seems like
Uncle Burt was a lot younger than mom.
So did grandpa's brothers serve in World War Two because they were older than him.
Yeah, they had
Grandpa Myers. They, they had people in the army
but I don't know if he did,
but they were all at that age where they probably
did have to go and I would imagine that they probably lost brothers.
Grandpa Myers had 12 brothers and sisters.
Oh, I didn't know that. Wow. Yeah, he was from a really big family. And
he was, he was close. He would always go and
he had, uh, his youngest sister was, um,
she had, she was, what do you call?
I can't even think of it,
like special names or something.
Yeah. It's, it's a common thing.
What's
it
called? Oh, like
Down Syndrome?
Ok.
Syndrome.
And so he would always go,
I don't know if his dad died kind of young also,
but he would always go and take care of his mother and made sure she had
everything she needed. And I remember going to their house
and I thought it was kind of scary because the youngest daughter was named Vertamae.
And you know, those people, they always like to kind of touch
your
hands
and it would kind of scare me. I probably was only four or five.
Oh, yeah. I remember going there.
They always had a black frying pan on the stove with an egg in it.
Ok.
I
remember
that's interesting.
But he would always make sure, you know that he, his mom
was taken care of.
So did Grandpa Ross's brother serve in World War Two.
Then the one that was in the army, Dale
and Harris,
I think
they,
they were at that age where they could have.
But I don't know.
Ok. I was just curious. Well, I know Uncle Randy was about their age and he served in,
he was at Pearl Harbor. So
I would think those two older brothers because
he was married to Brenda who was younger.
So,
I would think those two older brothers could have very well been in the service.
That's a good question.
Well, you know, I don't know. Um, what, so grandma
didn't never work. Grandpa was a pharmacist.
Did grandma ever?
Grandma worked a little bit at a department store called the Merck? That was right.
Just a few doors down from Grandpa's drug store. She did,
she worked there on and off. But not,
it might have been when
I'm trying to think if it was, when Scott was on a mission.
I can't remember.
I don't know
her a little bit.
Ok.
And then what was like the daily growing up?
Did you guys read scriptures or do anything like that?
Because I felt like that wasn't something you did a lot
in that generation. Like they encourage, like home church now.
Yeah. No, it wasn't like that at all.
In fact, grandpa and grandma would try and have family home evening and we were
not
good kids. So, pretty much like every other family.
Yeah.
Ok.
So we didn't, and I think,
you know, cuz when I got married I didn't go to church for
several years. Probably tell you were probably about three or four or five.
So, did you not believe it or were you lazy or why didn't you go? I was,
I, well, we moved around a lot so we were in different wards. And I never felt,
I know when I lived in Wyoming and I had Vicky
Troy's wife. I would go with her
and we, I remember
we went to some steak leadership thing one night and I went with her and
it could have been a women's conference or something. But we had to drive to Randolph
to go to it. Oh, you did?
Yeah.
So that was part of their steak. And,
yeah, I remember going with her and I went with her a few times when I lived in,
I think I only would go to Sacrament meeting with her when we lived in.
Yo, not Yost when we lived in,
in that big court
house.
So,
so growing up at your house, how much was the church? Like, what was the life?
What was church like for you
church? We would go, would get up and go to Sunday school.
Then you'd go home and you'd go back
and then you'd have,
we had to go to church three times every Sunday
and Sacrament meeting was later in the day.
And so we'd go to Sunday.
Maybe it was Sunday school and primary. We're together.
No, primary was during the week.
I, I remember
like on Wednesday I did go to primary during
the week when we first lived in Taylorsville.
I remember going,
yeah,
but it's when I was like,
kindergarten or first grade, I was really little.
You were about that old when we moved there because
Reggie was born in 78 and that's when we moved to Taylorsville. And
so you were born in 72? So you were only about six?
Yeah,
that's right.
And we lived in another house. We bought another house that was over off of 3200 West.
And we lived there only about a year because we ended
up moving to Wyoming for your dad to work at the,
oh, I remember that house phone company. And then we had, do you remember that house?
And
I remember we painted the bedroom yellow
before Zack was born because we,
we didn't know what the sex of a baby was then. Oh, right. No, I remember that house.
I have a few memories.
I remember climbing on the counter and falling and breaking my arm,
taking your arm.
Um, I remember
just a couple of vague
memories from that house, but I remember it.
I mean, we even had a garden in the back which was, don't
ask,
I don't remember planting it,
but I know we had a garden
which is weird because maybe your dad was like a real farmer.
Then I don't, I can't remember.
Well, good to know.
What about
what he was
hanging.
Well, your dad was hanging sheetrock at that time and he was working in Park City?
Oh, so he drive all the way up to Park City every day.
So, what memories do you have of going to your
to grandma Meyer's house.
I just remember when I was a little girl, we would, we didn't have suitcases.
We would put all of our clothes in liquor boxes because there was a liquor store
in Grandpa's drug store.
And so we would get liquor boxes and be able to put our clothes in there.
And that's what we would use
as a suitcase.
And we would go to grandma's for,
I don't know, at least a week or so. And we would,
we always remembered everyone would meet out on that back porch
and we would just hang out there. We would,
I mean, it was like a farm, like the whole,
the whole,
I don't know what the directions are, but south of grandma's house was a huge garden,
like corn and tomatoes and beans,
everything you can imagine.
And farther down than that was like a giant chicken coop.
And,
and they had pigs
and all the leftovers from dinner and that they
would haul down and throw into the pigs.
And
then they had a really big pasture.
When you walk out that back door, there was a huge pasture and grandma had, uh,
clothes lines out there that she would hang the clothes on.
I didn't even think about that.
Yeah. And they had a ditch, that little ditch that ran down. I
remember the ditch.
We played in the ditch
all the time. And I remember when, um, I was probably about
nine or 10.
Steven would,
Stephen had a horse and they would come over and
we would get on the horse like four of us
and we'd go from grandma's house to Steven's house and
Aunt Fanny made the best chocolate cake in the world.
That
sounds good.
She made it with potatoes
with potatoes.
Well, you put potatoes in it and it makes it really moist.
Like mashed potatoes or raw potatoes.
No, mashed potatoes.
That's so weird.
Leftover mashed potatoes to make cakes. So,
why didn't you ever make that for us?
Well, I hadn't thought about it but I did try and make a chocolate cake.
I looked on the internet to find an A
recipe
and I did try it.
Was it good?
Probably? Probably not the way I made it.
Um,
ok, let me see. What other,
so grandpa went to the U,
was that his, his plan always to go be a pharmacist? Or do you even know?
I think it was his plan. And we lived up on the Avenues when uh,
we had grandpa had a really good friend
and they had little kids the same age as Julie and I,
and we lived in a little tiny house and I think there was only like a hot plate
and I don't know if they even had an oven.
And I remember when I was little, I fell and cut my wrist right here.
A great big giant cut and I've got stitches
to this day
I
did. Yeah, I have a scar.
So,
anyway, and I think we lived,
I'm,
I don't know,
you know how the houses have stairs that would go up the side of the house.
Yeah.
It seems like maybe we had to do that or maybe we were just on a one level.
I don't know, just little tiny though.
So, you lived up there when he was going to school or you lived up there at,
when he first started working?
No, we lived up there when he was going to school and then
he got hired by a na A man named Mr Crier
up in Wyoming. And we moved to Evanston for like
two or three years. Oh,
I
forgot that.
Yeah.
And
when I went to kindergarten in Evanston
and then we moved and I, we moved to Kerns
and I don't know if we were buying this house or renting it.
But once he got established in the drugstore, he wanted to be closer
to where he worked. So that's why we moved.
We moved over to that other neighborhood.
So did he open that drug store?
Like that was his, that he owned the one that was in Granger.
He owned it with Mr Crider.
Oh, he owned it with Mr Crier?
Ok.
So he had a partner and, and there,
I don't know if he had another partner besides that,
but I think he was really successful for,
I think he must have owned that for about 20 years, 25 years.
The pharmacy
or the drug store,
the drugstore.
You,
you don't remember that drug store, do you?
No, I remember it.
I remember going,
I remember going there and,
yeah, I remember being like,
probably kindergarten
and I remember they had like a freezer that had sn
sn grow popsicles.
Oh,
yeah.
And I remember that they were just really good popsicles. And then I remember going
one time it was closed and we got, we went in and grandpa said,
if you don't set off the alarm, then you can choose a treat
because we had to be like really quiet or something.
And so I remember choosing a candy bar,
but I remember going there and Laurie being there working or something.
I remember going there a few times
but I was little,
we all worked there. I worked there. Julie worked there.
But I don't think by the time I remember going,
I don't think it still had like the soda fountain part.
Did they always have that or did they stop that? At some point?
I thought they always had it
up until when they closed, which they could have.
I just don't remember, I don't remember ever like eating there.
Well, in high school we still had it because I would work there at night and
your dad would come in and visit me and other boys would come in and visit me So,
yeah, we had it in high school.
So I don't remember
the soda fountains part, but I remember
Snelgrove's Popsicles
because I thought they were super amazing
and they probably were. So, what about other holiday traditions?
Was there any other holiday traditions?
Were holidays always just a big deal because grandma made him a big deal.
Holidays were a big deal because I think grandma made him
a big deal and she liked to decorate for the holidays,
different holidays.
You know, like
for Easter we always got Easter baskets and it
probably,
I don't know what we used to get. I remember birthdays were big.
She was really good about birthdays. Um,
and then Julie and Laurie and I, we left, you know,
we were so much older than the three boys and their life was way different than ours.
So, what's the gap between Laurie and Jean?
Well, they're only a year between Laurie and t,
but Laurie got married when she was 17.
Oh, I forgot. That's true.
And so she was out of the house a year later.
I,
no, I think Julie got married first
then.
Would you just text? Well, I guess I
will text it. So she needs right home.
Never mind. Go ahead.
So, wait, Julie got married before you did.
Yeah, she did.
And I think Laurie got married.
I can't remember if Laura got married before me,
but I think she did because she used to tend you
I remember her tending me.
I have a couple of memories of her
watching me.
I can't remember if she got married before me or I got married before her.
But she used to babysit you when I worked.
Ok.
And then
are
Gene and
Gene. And, um, Chad, is there a bigger gap between them then Jane and Chad?
Yeah, there's maybe two or three years,
but there's a bigger gap between Chad and Scott, like, four or five years or more.
I think so. Ok.
So what are some of grandpa's?
What were some of his favorite things that you, when you think about grandpa?
Like, what were some of his favorite things where he did growing up? His
favorite thing was Aunt Pearl's chocolate cake.
I
remember that
the way his mom would make pot roast on top of the stove with carrots and potatoes.
It was like the best.
And we used to go up there every now and then and she would always make that dinner
because she knew dad liked it so much.
And, um,
I don't know,
I think
dad didn't like Adeline's husband but
at all,
but I think he was unfaithful to Anneline and grandpa was
straight up.
Right.
Yeah,
I'm not gonna
give you the time of day
and I think that
I never actually heard them say that,
but I, I think something like that happened.
So, when, how old was his dad when his dad passed away? Because wasn't he younger?
He was like 51.
He was young.
And what happened?
He might have been even 60. But
he was working at the drugstore in Park City
and they lived,
they lived above the drugstore and you'd have to walk up these little creaky
stairs to get to the apartment. And I remember staying there
and we had left and had just been to see them
and,
you know, we didn't have cell phones. So I can't remember if we drove home
and then they called dad and said,
you know, your dad has passed away
and it was really, it was in the winter, really bad roads. Really? Lots of snow.
But what happened? Did he have a heart attack or something?
Yeah, he had a heart attack. Wow.
So then is that when Grandma Van Orden moved back to Smithfield,
grandma Van
Orden lived with an
E on the avenues. They had a house on the avenues in Salt Lake City and
the basement had a little apartment with a bedroom
and a bathroom and a little living room area.
And that's where Grandma
Ben Orden lived.
And then when Aunt Pearl,
I think that was Aunt Pearl's house and she was a school teacher.
So I think when she quit teaching school,
grandma moved up and they lived together for a lot of years. Ok.
Because I remember going, I remember going to that
house, that
house up there. Yes.
Ok.
Cause I didn't realize they had lived. Ok. That makes sense now.
Yeah.
And that's,
and that's when she moved up with Aunt Pearl and then Aunt Pearl got cancer
and passed away. And then
I don't know
if grandma just kept living in that house alone or what?
I can't remember.
You know what?
I, I do know what happened because grandma, she started kind of
losing her mind and her memory.
And so they put her in a home, a nursing home right there on Redwood Road.
And Grandpa Ross went in there one day and he was not happy
with what he saw and he brought her home and took care of her
the rest of her life. I remember her living there,
but I don't remember it being super long. Was it?
Well, I don't, I don't think she survived very long. I don't,
it seems like a grandma said it was almost two years before she passed away. But
because I remember going over there and Grandma
Van Orden being when she lived there, they,
I remember she moved there and lived there and I was just, I was a kid still,
but I don't remember how long it was.
She was there. She had to
like they had to change her diapers, they had to feed her.
I mean, grandma was a saint grandma Dela
for two years.
I think it was two years. But I'm not positive, but
it makes me cry because
I could never do that.
And I remember her asking me to come over and even babysit, you know,
and take care of her just while she get to leave for an hour.
And I, I hated it. I hated it.
So that makes me feel bad
that I wasn't.
It's ok.
We, we grandma can receive the blessings for that. She,
I'll, we'll give her credit for that because I didn't know she did that.
Yeah, she did that. And I, I
can't remember if they had a lady that came in and helped them. Sometimes
I can't remember.
Well, and grandma Myers came and lived with them for a little while too.
Grandma
Myers never, she didn't lose her mind.
And I don't think grandma Myers ever had to wear diapers or anything like that.
No, I remember,
I remember going and being with her because
grandma and grandpa were going somewhere one night
and she was completely still.
Her mind was good.
Yes.
Yeah.
And she was good.
And then she ended up at Aunt Kay's and I remember going
there and being with her once or twice for Aunt Kay,
but she always was fine.
Yeah.
No, I remember going
and being there one time
at Grandma
Della's
and she ended up, let's see. I know she ended up back in Beaver
and I don't know if she was with somebody or she got to go back to her house,
but she died in the Beaver Hospital. I'm pretty Sure.
Oh, grandma Meyer
said.
Yeah,
because I remember going there one time and we all got to go in and see her
and she didn't pass away. They thought she would and she didn't, and then a
few months later she did. So,
and I don't know if she maybe was living in the nursing home down there.
She could have been,
I don't remember.
Aunt Kay probably does.
Yeah. Aunt Kay would remember. She would remember for sure.
So what were some of the favorite foods you had in your house growing up?
That your family
like a
cream tuna on toast?
And we had a ton of mac and cheese.
Ok. That's funny because when I asked grandma and grandpa their favorite food,
both of them said homemade mac and cheese,
but they weren't together when they said it.
I was talking to grandpa or grandma first
and asked
and one of them said homemade mac and cheese and then
the other one later came in the room and I said,
what's been like your favorite food that you would want growing up?
And they said homemade mac and cheese?
Yeah, that was her favorite. And it was our favorite. And
I think it's funny that Grandma Della never made homemade chicken noodle soup.
I never remember her doing that.
That's weird.
And that was always my favorite thing when I'd go to grandma. It was, it's delicious.
She always made it. Well, I even remember her coming to our house.
I swear she came to our house in Taylorsville one time and it was,
when I was younger it was like a long, long time ago.
But
I swear she made noodles one time
and you guys made it
and she could,
she
could, she could have
because she came to our house is
our favorite. And I don't know when we started
using mashed potatoes in our chicken noodle soup.
I just thought that's how you always made it for us.
So I assume that's how grandma always did it.
Grandma
Meyers. She, she didn't make it that way.
We just had, in fact, she would, they would cook the chicken
for a long time and she would make noodles and they would just put
maybe one carrot or one celery in there to give it some flavor.
Oh,
and she would cook old roosters and that's what they'd use for the meat.
And so she'd pick all the meat off the bones
and then she would cook her noodles.
And that, like,
my soup is pretty different from hers because I put a lot of carrots and celery.
But, uh,
yeah, that was just always our favorite. So, grandma
never made that. Huh?
No. And they used to have for breakfast. They were the best at Grandma Meyer.
She would have, she would fry eggs
and then you could have sliced tomatoes. She had homemade bread for toast.
I mean, it was just the best because it was all like, homemade on the farm food.
Yeah,
it was.
And I don't ever remember eating tomatoes with our fried eggs at our house.
And
that's funny. I
think it's funny how different things I pressure
and
also I remember when we would go down in the spring
they would get a whole box load, like 50 baby chicks.
Oh,
they would.
Yeah, we'd go to the post office to pick them up and bring them home.
That's so funny that they just sent them in the mail.
I think they still send them in the mail.
Oh, I think they still do
if that's what you want to do.
But anyway, that was, that was impressive because we were city kids. And so
anything we got to do on the farm was like
the best,
I'm sure it was.
Huh?
That's so funny.
Yeah. Going down to feed the pigs and, you know, and all the cousins.
They were used to all that because they were country kids.
You big city folk from Granger,
like Bruce and Brand and Steven. Those kids were all country kids.
So, what did grandma Della make that you guys liked? Besides homemade mac and cheese
or? What was her trifle?
Yeah, it was kind of her famous. And
my dad liked rice pudding. So she made,
she made that rice pudding, the really easy one it seems like all the time.
Yeah.
And I'm trying to think
what else? Oh, meat loaf was huge at our house. Oh, really?
Dad loved meat loaf. That was one of his favorite things.
So mom made it pro, I bet we had it.
I don't know. Once a week.
Oh.
What about,
were you guys ever scared of grandma? Was she ever the disciplinarian or?
Could you get away with anything with grandma?
So, you, were you afraid of grandpa?
Was he scary?
I was never afraid of him
but you didn't really ever do? I was a good kid.
I did not do anything wrong until I had to get married.
That was the biggest mistake I ever made. That was your first mistake, huh?
That was pretty much the first mistake other than
I called Julie a bitch one day as I'm coming down the stairs and grandpa
said, if I ever said that word again.
Yeah, I would be,
I would be grounded.
So, those are your two mistakes.
How did they,
how did they react when you told them you were pregnant?
Um,
they were nice. I mean, what could they say?
Well, I mean,
and some people aren't nice. Some people say you're out of our family.
No, they were nice. They were, then we're gonna, you guys have got to get married.
Then if you're gonna get married,
you guys need to get married and we
just planned the wedding that happened in January and
we got married March 11th.
But I don't feel like they were ever really judgmental of people. They just were like
they were not because
Aunt Brenda's daughter, Carol got married and had to get married and
they let them have the wedding at our house
and
her, her husband was a dip shit
and she only stayed married to him a little like barely
and
they never were judgy ever.
They were always kind,
they always did whatever they could to help anybody.
That's how they were. And I think that's why
when they passed away.
I mean, really, I couldn't believe the number of people
that came.
Now there were a ton of people
and
oh, we love your mom and dad. And I mean, people just said that over and over. So
because when I think about them as a couple,
I always think how they were always so kind and
unconditional when they came to loving people
and that whoever came into their house,
they made you feel like you were so important.
I know. And they were nice. Remember Leslie's husband? Her act was nice
to everyone. They were nice.
They were nice to him and he,
he came and helped them several times and cleaned their furniture and,
and
you know,
people would want to reciprocate for them because they were so nice because I think
they were,
I can't remember anybody other than Adeline's husband who dad didn't like.
He, he liked everyone. He, I don't remember him ever
saying a negative thing about anyone
and grandma would gossip now and then.
But I mean, that was just her, but when it came down to it,
I felt like whoever came into their house,
they always made them feel like you were so special
and they were so glad you were there and they were always like
welcoming of everyone. Like when even my friends know who they are.
Like, Tatum still knows who grandma Dela is and how she was and
people
that
says a
lot about, about them.
Well, and I think also for me,
like when it comes to people that aren't members of the
church or they're choosing not to participate in the church,
grandma and grandpa never in my eyes showed any favoritism depending on
if you were active or not.
Like they always made you feel like
you were number one. And I think like all the grandkids individually thought like
they were
one regardless of
your life choices.
And I don't think a lot of people are good at that.
Well, they were good at that with J
and he,
he just,
but
I
think,
but they would just remind him or,
I don't know, I, I
think you have to,
I think he felt like they didn't love him but they did love him. I think gene is
overly sensitive and insecure.
I don't think it came from, I don't think that came
from them. I think that comes from him.
Yeah,
just after
going on that cruise.
Like I haven't been around your siblings for that much time ever
since I was a child.
So now being an as being an adult and spending that much time with them
and seeing how they interact with each other
and as adult siblings,
like you can see
how insecure jean is.
And it's
sad because I'm like he's married to Lorraine is so good to him.
Like I can't believe Lorraine
is
so
good
and married to him. He's so honoring
and his kids all think he's
the best thing on the planet. So I'm like,
you need to let go of what insecurity you have from
whenever it was growing up and,
and maybe they made him feel bad when he
made some dumb choices and didn't go to church.
But like,
I don't think Lindsay would ever say grandma treated me differently.
I don't think she would either.
I think they all felt loved and accepted.
I think Gene,
you know, they went through the temple and he had a calling and
they were happy in that ward and I
think somebody said something that hurt Gene's feelings.
And
from then on, it was like
he,
he didn't say enough bad about the church, but he's such a good guy.
He is a really nice guy as far as taking care of his friends. He's really loyal.
You know what? I know he has a lot of really good qualities.
I just think there's this insecurity that makes him
when he feels hurt or offended, he immediately
puts up these walls and becomes angry and doesn't let go.
Which is sad because he is such a good person.
But I I from my perspective as a kid,
I always saw grandma and grandpa welcome everyone in
and made everyone feel
like they were so important. Like you have value as a human being.
No. And people would always go and drop in.
I mean, like there's
nieces and nephews like Carol loved Grandpa,
Carol, uh,
Sonson
and a lot of those nieces and nephews just loved him and mom to death.
So they would come and just drop in and see him all the time.
Yeah, they would just drop in and say hi and
stuff like that.
I used to do that when I was like a teenager
or
a
young adult
because they always made you feel like you're the best person ever.
I know they are. They were, they were just good people.
Ok. I gotta look and see if there's any other questions that are really?
What were, well, I was,
did they have any talents
that you're aware of?
Like grandpa was athletic? Wasn't he like naturally an athlete?
Grandpa was naturally athletic and he was so cute when he was young. He was so cute.
He was,
and he played basketball, he played football, he played tennis
and he played it well,
grandma was a cheerleader, period.
Well,
but like no musical ability in the family.
No, no musical ability in the family.
I
think that's why they wanted us all to play the piano
or something that someone would.
Well, because you guys did have a piano.
You can play the saxophone.
Oh, he can,
I think he can.
All right. I'm trying to think if there's something else.
Ok. I have to run in the bathroom really quick and I'll be right.
Well, you know what I can go,
I'll let you go. Are you sure?
Yeah. No, this was really great. This was helpful.
It was
fun.
I'm going to do this again, but I'm going to ask you more stuff about like you and dad.
Ok. That's fine.
I, um, I went to the doctor today about that little bladder thing.
Um,
I have to go get AC A T scan with contrast and if, if that,
if that thing shows up then I have to have surgery on it in two weeks.
So,
well,
they just have to go in and they go up through your bladder and he said they scrape it.
And so is it tiny?
I don't know how tiny it is.
So,
are you doing that in Wyoming? The,
the cat scan? Oh, ok. Yeah,
I'm doing the cat scan. They've got to call me from the hospital and then
he'll do the surgery up here because he comes here every other week.
So, just when he's here next time you'll go do that.
Yeah.
And he said if it doesn't show up on the cat scan,
then he said they'll cancel the surgery and it's not a big deal.
So, when are you doing your cat scan?
They have to call me from the hospital and let me know.
And then when are you coming for Avery?
I'm coming for Avery. Probably Saturday morning.
Ok.
And
I don't know, I might come Friday. I don't know if Remick is gonna be here or not.
So,
and then
what was my other question?
Oh, we want to do, Ashley and I were talking,
we think we should do like a zoom call with everyone
to plan our
island park trip.
But we'll wait and do it. Like after
everything's done with Avery,
we'll just plan a like maybe on a Sunday evening to everyone,
get on and do a zoom call and then plan the trip.
No, I, I think we need to do that for sure. So we know what we're bringing, what we're
and you know, the bedrooms. I think we should have all that decided.
No, I think we should decide the bedrooms, the food and then
what we're doing each day.
So,
no, I
agree. And then
so we'll do that in a couple more Sundays.
We'll talk about that at Avery's Farewell when we want to do the zoom call.
Ok,
that
sounds
good.
That
sounds good. Ok. Well, thanks for talking to me. Let me know when you do your cat scan?
All right, I will
love you dear. Thank you. See you later.
Bye.